Added a link to usage examples (#28493)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca2254.md

Update the message template to be a constant expression.

> See the [LoggerExtensions.LogInformation Method](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.loggerextensions.loginformation) for usage examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For usage examples, see the <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Logging.LoggerExtensions.LogInformation%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> method.
```

> See the [LoggerExtensions.LogInformation Method](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.loggerextensions.loginformation) for usage examples.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the [LoggerExtensions.LogInformation Method](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/api/microsoft.extensions.logging.loggerextensions.loginformation) for usage examples.
```

Remove the locale from the URL, but more importantly - I'm curious about the text in this sentence as this specific API ref doesn't have any example usages.
